Play
Hope: You and the egg contemplate the nature of existence.
You and the egg wax philosophical. You agree to disagree about Nietzsche.
You and the egg pray. The egg has some pretty radical views on religion.
You and the egg take some time to relish in existence.
You and the egg just chill. It's pretty chill.
The egg wishes you'd take the idea of a socialist utopia more seriously.
The egg whispers to you that it hopes it hatches soon.

Makeover: You teach the egg how to contour. Fabulous!
You and the egg paint your nails.
You help the egg do its hair.
You and the egg give each other foot rubs. So relaxing!
You do the egg's makeup. That'll make Ricky notice you for sure!
You take the egg to the spa. You keep it out of the hot tub so it doesn't hard boil.

Read: You and the egg take a critical look at Dostoyevsky.
You read the egg the story of Humpty Dumpty. It totally cracks it up!
The egg recites The Raven from memory. Impressive!
You and the egg read Animal Farm. The egg is reminded of home.
You and the egg read Animal Farm. The egg hates capitalism.
You propose that you both read Catcher in The Rye. The egg says you're a phony.
You and the egg start reading Great Expectations. The egg is excited.

Work Out: You and the egg pump some iron. It told you it wants to get swol.
You time the egg while it does a few laps around the track.
The egg benches more than it normally would to try to impress you.
The egg spots you while you do some squats.
You and the egg play some basketball. The egg makes a sweet three-pointer.
You catch the egg checking itself out in the mirror while doing some curls.

Explore
Campfire: You and the egg chit-chat over marshmallows and the smell of wood smoke.
You think you heard something outside the tent, but the egg says it was nothing.
You and the egg go for a hike, picking some flowers and enjoying nature.
The egg goes off on its own to explore nature. You feel a little left out.
You and the egg get caught in the rain. Both of you see the bright side of things.
The egg says it's glad you had this chance to bond in nature.

Hills: You and the egg work up a sweat as you hike the rolling hills.
You chase the egg as it rolls down the hill. Maybe this wasn't a good idea…
The hills are alive with the sound of music. The egg is kind of weirded out.
You and the egg go for a hike up the hill. The egg loves the view.
You reach the top of a big hill. The egg suggest you just take the bus back.
You and the egg ride a stolen shopping cart down the hill. You feel free. So free.

Plains: Your egg watches the sun set over the horizon with an inscrutable expression.
You and the egg go for a drive on the plains. The egg keeps changing the station.
You and the egg visit the plains. It's pretty plain. I don't know what you expected.
You and the egg go to Saskatchewan. There's nothing here.
The egg stares longingly at the horizon. It lusts for a life full of meaning.
The egg thinks these farmers would be better off if they collectivized.
 
Shore: The foam splashes on you and the egg as you examine tide pools.
You both search for seashells. Maybe you could sell them?
The egg builds a sand castle. Its pretty amazing what it can do without hands.
Frogs croak loudly as you and the egg explore the coastline.
The egg is worried the tide is going to come in soon. Better get going.
You both look for buried treasure. The egg finds a dead fish, but that's about it.

Ocean: You sail the high seas with the egg, exploring uncharted lands and swimming.
You and the egg chart a course for the spice islands.
The egg tells you that being this far out to sea makes it feel small. You agree.
You and the egg seek fame and fortune on the high seas as dreaded pirates.
The egg feels at one with the great power of mother ocean.
The egg squints grimly into the distance. Storms a brewin'.

Cave: The egg points out its favourite stalagmite. Or was that a stalactite?
You and the egg find some diamonds, but it uses them to make a hoe.
It just keeps going. The deeper you go the more you feel like you're being watched.
You belay for the egg as it repels into a deep chasm.
The egg likens the depth of the cave to that of the mind. You're unconvinced.
The egg wonders if this is how Bin Laden felt.

Food
Berries: You and the egg buy some berries from the farmer's market. Yum!
You and the egg buy some berries. The egg only buys fair trade.
You and the egg buy some blueberries. The egg hates them.
You and the egg disagree about what a berry is. Like, are Bananas a berry?
You and the egg take turns feeding each other strawberries. Romantic!
The egg is against the poor working conditions for migrant workers.

Candy: The egg gobbles up all the candy. I hope it doesn't spoil it's appetite!
The egg gobbles up all the candy. Didn't even ask if you wanted any. Jerk.
The egg politely declines. It's trying to watch its figure. You think it looks great.
The egg insists on splitting the candy. “To each according to their need, comrade”
You and the egg eat some pop rocks. Man, whatever happened to these things?
You ask the egg if it wants some chocolate. The egg is overjoyed.

Noodles: Sluuuuurp! The egg drinks down every last drop of broth.
You and the egg eat some ramen. It reminds the egg of college.
You and the egg eat some Udon. The egg loves asian fusion food.
You and the egg have some chicken noodle soup. The egg feels conflicted.
Over a warm bowl of soup the egg tells you about the need for proletarian revolt.
The egg furiously downs it's bowl of noodles. It's trying to get swol.

Steak: The egg tears into the huge slab of meat. It must have been ravenous.
The egg sends its steak back to the kitchen. Too well done.
You remark that the egg eats a lot of steak. The egg tells you to mind your own business.
The egg tears into a third fillet mignon. It's trying to get swol, it says.
You hold your plate up high and make a joke about raising the stakes. The egg doesn't laugh.
You both enjoy a lovely steak dinner. The egg offers to grab the bill. Charming!

Talk
Joke: The egg chuckles at the funny you made. What a knee-slapper!
The egg tells you to vote for Marco Rubio. What a kidder!
You ask the egg what made the chicken cross the road. The egg is unimpressed.
You make a joke and then the egg makes a joke but it's a little racist. Awkward.
“What's E.T short for? Because he's got such tiny legs!”. The egg reminds you of Dad.
You and the egg have a great time making puns. Its Eggcelent.

Peptalk: You give the egg an inspiring speech, and it feels like it can do anything.
You tell the egg that it IS beautiful, and that it CAN make a difference. It hopes so.
You tell the egg you'll love it no matter what it decides to do with its life.
You remind the egg that Einstein failed math in school too.
You give the egg a long motivational speech. There are other boys out there, egg.
You remark that the egg's shell looks extra glossy today. The egg blushes.

Riddle: You perplex the egg with a brain-teaser. It furrows its brow.
What came first, the chicken or the egg? This egg's answer might shock you.
You and the egg wrestle with Derek Parfit's “Non-Identity Problem”. Pretty Meta.
The egg struggles to rationalize how the market can possibly be self regulating.
What loses its head in the morning but gets it back at night? A pillow.
What two things can you never have for breakfast? Lunch and dinner.
You pepper the egg with a series of puzzles. It aces all of them. You're impressed.
You and the egg spend long hours trying to prove the Rieman Hypothesis.

Secret: You tell the egg a scandalous truth. It can't believe what it just heard.
You show the egg a leaked NSA document. It asks you to change its passwords.
The egg insists that there's no way a plane could do that to a building. Come on!
You and the egg head to Valve headquarters to try to find out about Half-Life 3.
The egg tells you where it was when Tupac was shot.
You tell the egg where you were when Tupac was shot.
The egg shares an embarrassing story from high school.
You tell the egg all about that guy in your chem lab. The egg tells you to just talk to him!

Creatures
Strength
Crackle: Crackle is always in a bad mood, so stay away when you hear thunder!
Griz: Don't let her cute looks fool you! This powerful creature is loyal and ferocious.
The Old Lord: This ancient creature walks with the weight of its potent spells and charms.
Smarts
Birdbrain: This feathered friend doesn't like to sing, but he's an excellent debater!
Chiara: This is the skull of an ancient empress! Weird!
Skuffle: This noble friend never forgets your birthday!
Good Lookin
Kawaile: When you're feeling blue, Kawaile always has a mighty funny joke ready!
Hunkle: He's easy on the eyes, but kind of boring to hang out with!
Yonnie: This queen bee's new album is generating a lot of buzz.
Magic
Isaac: This mysterious pyramid is strong of will and always looking behind its back.
Moriarty: No one knows how this rat learned magic, but you gotta respect her, right?
Fiona: This phoenix is 300, but she's never had a stitch of work done.
Water
Bernardo (shark): This tough guy is always ready to rumble. Watch out for his teeth!
Annulara (octopus): She's fashionable and friendly, but she won't let you borrow her jewellery!
Harumphy (turtle): It's not easy being the wisest turtle in the sea, but he bears it with grace.
Bubbles (mermaid): She's sweet, smart, funny, and an amazing dancer to boot!
